             PHD’S FAMILY NETWORK INTERNATIONAL     🫴 CONSTITUTION  

 
  
 
  
 
Table of Contents                                                                                                                           page 1.  
1. Preamble  
2. ARTICLE ONE: NAME   
3. ARTICLE TWO (1): STATUS  
4. ARTICLE TWO: VISION  
5. ARTICLE THREE: MISSION  
6. ARTICLE FOUR: GOAL  
7. ARTICLE FIVE: OBJECTIVE S 
8. ARTICLE SIX: CORE VALU ES 
9. ARTICLE SEVEN: THE STATEMENT OF FAITH  
10. ARTICLE EIGHT: FUNCTIONS  
11. ARTICLE NINE: AFFILIATION  
12. ARTICLE TEN: MEMBERSHIP  
13. ARTICLE ELEVEN: TERMINATION OF MEMBERSHIP  
14. ARTICLE TWELVE: THE GOVERNING BODY  
15. ARTICLE THIRTEEN: EXECUTIVE BOARD ELECTION PROCESS  
16. ARTICLE FOURTEEN; TERMINATION OF INDIVIDUALS   
17. ARTICLE FIFTEEN:  MEETINGS OF THE BOARD MEMBERS  
18. ARTICLE SIXTEEN:  CASUAL VACANCIES IN THE BOARD  
19. ARTICLE SEVENTEEN: ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS  
20. ARTICLE EIGHTEEN: EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGS  
21. ARTICLE NINTEEN:  REGULAR GENERAL MEETINGS  
22. ARTICLE TWENTY:  MOTION S 
23. ARTICLE TWENTY ONE:  QUORUM  
24. ARTICLE TWENTY TWO:  VOTING  
25. ARTICLE TWENTY THREE:  ELECTION S 
26. ARTICLE TWENTY FOUR:  FINANCE  
27. ARTICLE TWENTY FIVE:  COMMON SEAL  
28. ARTICLE TWENTY SIX:  RULES   
29. ARTICLE TWENTY SEVEN: AMENDMENTS  
30. ARTICLE TWENTY EIGHT:  DISSOLUTION  
31. ARTICLE TWENTY NINE:  ARBITRATION  
32. ARTICLE THIRTY:  INTERPRETATION   
33. SIGNATURES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PREAMBLE  
This is an organizational constitution agreed upon by all members of PHD’S FAMILY 
NETWORK INTERNATIONAL (PHD’S F.I.N ). It is one of the organs of the organization, which 
should be followed at all times and is the guiding principal to all members in the activities 
of the organization.  
ARTICLE ONE: NAME  
The Association shall be known as and called the PHD’S FAMILY NETWORK 
INTERNATIONAL with the acronym ( PHD’S.F.N.I).  
ARTICLE TWO (1): STATUS  
The Network shall be registered with NGO Bureau as a non -profit governmental 
Organization  
ARTICLE TWO: VISION  
To PULL HEAVEN DOWN THROUGHOUT THE ALL WORLD AS WE EMBRACE THE CALL TO 
MINISTRY BY EMPOWER YOUNG PEOPLE , YOUTH and TEENS i n a Well, and Thriving in 
God’s Plan as they fulfil their God -Given Potential through their God Given Talent’s.  
ARTICLE THREE: MISSION  
1. Connect People   
2. Build Quality Capacity   
3. Deliver Collective Action   
4. Build Impact creators Influence to maximize  Youth’s /Teens and  Young people 
Contributions  
5. Talent Cultivation And Nurturing . 
ARTICLE FOUR: GOAL  
To help create a shared vision amongst individual members that indicates common 
priorities so that together we provide quality training and creative solutions to persistent 
problems so that together we see transformational change for Youth/Teens and Young 
People in Ministry.  This model will promote the role of Young Passionate Minist ers in finding 
solutions and   impacting their generation world wide . 
ARTICLE FIVE: OBJECTIVES  
The Network shall have the following as its objectives:  
1. Establishing a partnership and networking among members so that organizations 
working with Youth/Teens/ Young People  can share resources and reach the un 
reached communities better  
2. Mobilization for impact creators and lobbying for funds at a national and 
international level for member organizations.  
3. Capacity building amongst Organizations operating under PHD’S     FAMILY 
NETWORK INTERNATIONAL .  
4. Work towards creating self -sustainability amongst Members with the aim of 
reducing over dependency on donor agencies.  
5. To promote information exchange and Networking among Organizations in order to 
avoid duplication of services and efforts.  
6. Come up with a code of conduct for member Organizations, operating under PHD’S 
FAMILY NETWORK INTERNATIONAL , which will monitor the developmental activities 
taken on by relevant Organizations.  
7. To be a representative body for the Organizations operating under  PHD’S FAMILY 
NETWORK INTERNATIONAL .  
8. Establish linkage with National and International Organizations with similar 
objectives.  
9. The desired outcomes of these objectives are threefold:   
Capacity building in;  
Leadership Training Programs  
Mentorship Programs  
Personal Growth (business etc.. ) 
 
ARTICLE SIX: CORE VALUES  
Our three key values are that we are:  
1. Called by God’s heart for Ministry  
2. Called because of the need  
3. Called to work together wi th respect and integrity  
This will be seen in these ways:   
I. To be God -fearing: We are dependent on God in all that we are and do. We 
seek to glorify God , Build and Expand his kingdom  Through Our God 
Given Talent’s .   
II. To promote networking among Christians  & Ministers : We value 
collaborative action especially by the Christian community in all its 
different expressions, to positively impact the Young Generation burning 
for Christ  (GEN Z) Through Our God Given Talent’s .    
III. To see Youth’s /Teens and Young People as our most important citizens: 
We value the wellbeing of all Citizens and we recognize  the power of God 
in transforming lives and their communities  Through their God Given 
Talent’s. Therefore we strive with compassion to influence the lives of  
Youth’s /Teens and Young People for good, to achieve their Dreams for 
them and to restore individual wellbeing, self -worth and joy, and to have 
fun, especially those in PHD’S FNI.    
IV. To respond to the needs of Young People /Youths /  Teens in a Christ like 
manner: We value the call God has given us to be a part of His kingdom 
here on earth in working with  Youths / Teens and for Young People .   
V. To promote quality trainings and mentorship for Youths/Teens and Young People in 
Ministry: We value excellence, diligence, integrity, professionalism and creativity in ministry 
for Youth/Teens and Young People . Therefore we will work together to see the quality of our 
work continually improving, where mistakes are learnt from, and success is celebrated, 
and where we find it a joy to engage in our work.   
ARTICLE SEVEN: THE STATEMENT OF FAITH  
We believe;  
I. In the Holy Scriptures as originally given by God, divinely inspired, infallible, 
entirely trustworthy; and the supreme authority in all matters of faith and 
conduct.  
II. One God, eternally existent i n the trinity , God the Father, Son, and  the Holy 
Spirit.  
III. Our Lord Jesus Christ,  Call To ministry  and God mani fest. 
 
ARTICLE EIGHT: FUNCTIONS  
In pursuance of the above -mentioned objectives, the Network shall perform the following 
functions:  
1. Foster the exchange of ideas and experiences among Network institutions mainly 
through the organization of periodic workshops,  talent search and development 
programs , seminars, symposia, conferences, bible study courses, meetings and   
exchange visits.  
2. Establish or encourage the establishment of an appropriate regulatory framework 
for the Organizations and their beneficiaries.  
3. Encourage the publication of books , articles, papers and newsletters on PHD’S 
FAMILY NETWORK  institution, their activities and those or their beneficiaries.  
4. Establishing linkages with government, institutions, donors, and other associations 
with similar or complementary objectives.  
5. To do all such things as are incidental or conducive to the attainment of the 
objectives of the Network including the purchase, acquisition and leasing or hiring 
of property required for the purpose of the Network.  
 
ARTICLE NINE: AFFILIATION  
The PHD’S FAMILY NETWORK may affiliate to any national, regional or international 
organization, which has similar or complementary aims, and objectives on a resolution by 
2/3 of the members present at a meeting of the Executive Board of Directors.  
The primary partner is Teach Every Nation  network who will provide appropriate support, 
training, information and advice to the network in order to aid in their Bible Study Course’s  
and help the members maximize their collective impact on PHD’S F.N.I vision and mission.  
PHD’S FNI  will have a memorandum of understanding with all its partners signed by both 
parties.  
ARTICLE TEN: MEMBERSHIP  
1. PHD’S FNI shall have the following categories as its membership;  
I. Ordinary Membership; This are the members who subscribe annually and 
their activities linked to the network and carry voting rights. Ordinary 
membership will have three tiers:   
A. Gold members will have achieved all of the Quality Improvement 
System Accountability Standards and will be eligible to nominate a 
representative for election to the Board or to chair a working group. 
Verification of these standards must happen every three years.   
b. Silver members will have achieved all of the Quality Improvement System 
Foundation Standards and will be eligible to nominate a representative to hold a non -chair 
post on a working group. Verification of these standards must happen every (3) three years.   
a. Bronze members will have a Safeguarding policy in place and will be 
welcome to attend all appropriate working groups.  
II. Associate Membership; these shall be individuals or corporates with 
similar aims and objectives but with no direct benefit and don’t carry any 
voting right.  
III. Honorary Membership; person who has made “distinctive contributions” 
to the network or carries special attributes or professional capabilities 
that can enhance the wellbeing of the network. They are valuable and can 
offer distinguished service to the Netwo rk as a  profession or can 
scrupulously uphold the objects of the  of the network  
IV. Corporate Members; These shall be any legally incorporated organization 
or government department that have assisted PHD’S FAMILY NETWORK 
INTERNATIONAL (PHD’S FNI )  
LIMITED in different capacities in a substantial manner, continued to associate and have 
been certified by the Board. These shall be entitled to be notified of all meetings of the 
Association under Corporate membership but with no voting rights.  
2. Any legally constituted Christian Based institution, organization or agency whose 
activities focus on the direct provision of children services to the community in 
Uganda are eligible for full membership.  
3. Only individuals whose activities are directly or indirectly linked to the Network may 
apply, based on their own individual merit, for Membership in the Network.  
4. Prospective network members shall present a written request for membership to 
the Board for consideration at its next regular meeting.  
5. Every member shall be entitled to receive a Certificate of Membership under the 
Common Seal of the Network.  
6. Every Ordinary member shall pay an annual membership fee as may be determined 
by the Executive Board due in the first quarter of each financial year and approved 
by annual general meeting.  
7. Associate members shall pay less than ordinary members because of less benefit 
associated with the category. Which will be determined by the AGM from time to 
time  
8. Honorary shall not pay any membership because of their contribution and non -
benefits. And having been honored by the Network and using their names.  
9. Trustee  
10. The honorary members can be elected into positions of trustees of the network 
where necessary by the board approved by members at the AGM/EGM   
11. Honorary members can attend AGM or Board Meeting on request by the board.  
12. Every member organization shall introduce in writing a person or position who or 
which will carry its formal representation.  
13. The admission and expansion of membership will be at the discretion of the Board.  
ARTICLE ELEVEN: TERMINATION OF MEMBERSHIP  
I. Failure to pay membership for a period of three consecutive years  
II. Failure to comply with the PHD’S FNI constitution . 
III. Misconduct of the staff leading to endangering the reputation of the 
network.  
Note: Before termination, members shall be given a fair hearing by the Board instituting a 
subcommittee.  
The right procedures as stated in the PHD FNI policies and guidelines shall be followed for 
transparency.  
ARTICLE TWELVE: THE GOVERNING BODY  
1. The governance of PHD’S FNI shall follow the following hierarchy;  
a) The extreme body  of the network shall be the AGM  
b) The Board of Trustees    
c) The Board of Directors  
d) The Secretariat/Coordination team  
Board of Trustees.  
1. PHD’S FNI shall have a Board of Trustees who will hold in trust the Vision, Mission 
and all funds and property belonging to the organization on behalf of members and 
beneficiaries.  
2. The Trustees shall be nominated by the Executive Board and approved by the 
members and shall be not more than 5, and not less than three persons of high 
Christian standing and Integrity in the community who must have passion and 
served with children in in different capacities.  
3. The Trustees shall enter into a deed of trust setting forth the purpose and condition 
under which they hold such properties in trust for the organization.  
4. The trustees may co -opt or appoint new members to the Board of trustees with 
approval of the General Assembly but the number shall not exceed five (5).  
5. Members of the Board of Directors who retire honorably may with the approval of 
the General Assembly take up positions of trusteeship.  
6. A member of the Board of Trustees may be removed from office in any of the 
following grounds:  
A) Abuse of office.  
b) Misconduct or misbehavior.  
c) Physical or mental incapacity.  
7. In the unlikely event of death or removal from office of a member of the Board of 
Trustees, a replacement will be effected with approval of the General Assembly.  
8. The governing body of the Network shall be the Executive Board (hereinafter called 
“the  
Executive Board and it shall consist of the following Board Members  
a. The Chairman;  
b. The Vice Chairman;  
c. The Executive Secretary;  
d. The Treasurer;  
e. Project Manager ;  
f. Six At-Large  members;  
g. At least a minimum of 3 female members will be elected on the 
board.  
9. Only full members shall be eligible for election to Board offices. These must be paid 
up Ordinary members and or Honorary Members  
10. The Board members of the Network shall hold office for 3 years but shall be eligible 
for reelection for the second term and thereafter will be eligible for election after a 
break of one year out of office. (Note: No remuneration is connected with Executive  
Board Membership)  
11. Members will go through a voting procedure to be determined by the Board.  
12. Members will go through a voting process by electing members to the board and 
thereafter Board members will elect office bearers amongst themselves based on 
the competencies required on the Board  
ARTICLE THIRTEEN: EXECUTIVE BOARD ELECTION PROCESS  
1. Within the Executive Board, the following combination of skills need to be present:   
A. People with professional expertise   
b. Strong accountability and communication to both network and donors  
c. Fundraising competence   
b. Strong program management  
c. Legal expertise  
d. Team management skills  
e. Vision-casting  
f. Promotion of the network within the Christian community  
g. Influence within the city (World wide).  
2. Every Executive Board member must be a recognized part of an organization or 
church that is a paid member of PHD’S FNI except for honorary members  
3. Every Executive Board member must be a person of proven integrity and Christian 
moral character who will give at least 2 contacts for character reference.    
4. Nominations for the Executive Board can only be made by one fully paid up ordinary 
member and must be seconded by another fully paid member. The Nominee must 
be in agreement to stand for nomination to the Executive Board.   
5. The nominators must submit a profile to the Secretary of not more than 250 words 
that explains why they are nominating the person and what professional skills, 
spiritual background and previous experience that person brings that can help move 
PHD’S FNI to the next level.   
6. Nominations, profiles and character reference contacts should be submitted to the 
Secretary within 7 days of this meeting.   
7. The current Executive Board will then confirm that nominees meet these criteria 
before the list of nominees is released for the network vote.  
8. The list of acceptable nominees will be emailed to the network.  
9. Elections will be held by secret ballots   
10. Where nominations have not been made or are insufficient, then the Board 
members will nominate basing on the capabilities required at that particular time  
11. In circumstances where the nominations made are not credible for the available 
positions and competencies, or the nominees are of questionable character, the 
board will still nominate to address the challenge.  
12. The quorum for AGM or EGM meeting shall be 1/3rd of the fully paid ordinary 
members who shall be eligible to vote  
13. The number of honorary members to be co -opted on the board shall not exceed 2 
members and shall be recommended to the members by the Board.  
ARTICLE FOURTEEN; TERMINATION OF INDIVIDUALS  
a. Behaviors contrary to PHD’S FNI values  
b. Not serving PHD’S FNI  interest  
c. Operating contrary to the PHD’S FNI Constitution. 
d. Conflict of interest  
e. If the performance of the Board member is not up to the required 
standards in terms of attendance and operation. For three 
consecutive meetings  
Note: Any dispute or conflict, the committee will be constituted for a fair hearing and other 
procedures as stated in the different PHD’S FNI policies and the law of the land shall apply  
ARTICLE FIFTEEN:  MEETINGS OF THE BOARD MEMBERS  
1. The Executive Board shall meet once every three months but may meet more than 
once if necessary, for the transaction of business.  
2. There shall be deemed to be a quorum present at any meeting of the Board where 
more than one half (1/2) of the members of the Board are present including at least 
either the Chairman or the Vice Chairman.  
3. The Board shall appoint standing committees which non -Board members may be 
co-opted. Coopted members of working group shall not have voting rights but can 
attend Board meetings upon invitation.  
4. The Chairman of a sub -committee of the Board shall be appointed by the sub -
committee and report to the Board.  
5. The subcommittees will be represented on the Board  
ARTICLE SIXTEEN:  CASUAL VACANCIES IN THE BOARD  
In case any board position becomes vacant due to unavoidable circumstances, The Board 
may co-opt a person on the Board until the next AGM annual General Meeting and the next.  
ARTICLE SEVENTEEN: ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS  
1. The Network will hold an Annual General Meeting presided over by the Chairman 
and in his/her absence the Vice Chairman on such a day in each year as the Board 
may from time to time.  
2. The business to be transacted at the annual general meeting shall be as follows:  
f. To receive and discuss the report of the Board for the previous year.  
g. To receive and discuss the audited accounts for the previous year.  
h. To receive and discuss the treasurer’s report;  
i. To elect members of the Board.  
j. To appoint auditors.  
k. To discuss and consider any other business of which not less than 
twenty-eight (28) days’ notice prior to the Annual General Meeting 
shall be delivered to the Secretary by any full member.  
L. Admission of new members after the approval by the AGM  
3. A)  Notice of an annual general meeting shall be circulated and/or published at least 
21 days before the meeting.  
b)  Further notice of an Annual General Meeting and of the business to be transacted 
thereat shall be circulated at least 14 days before the meeting.  
ARTICLE EIGHTEEN: EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGS  
1. This shall be a meeting other than the annual general meeting for the members and 
shall be called anytime when there is an urgent matter for the benefit of the 
network.  
2. This can be  held  only  in  the  most  remarkable, exceptional or unusual 
circumstances that may put the network at risk if not dealt with urgently  
3. Upon a requisition signed by not less than one third of the members of the Network, 
the Board shall within ten days of the filing of such requisition with the General 
Secretary of the Network of his/her representative summon an extraordinary general 
meeting of the Network by giving each members twenty -one (21 days’ notice in 
writing or by any other means considered expedient given the circumstances.  
4. Every requisition shall specify the nature of the business for which the meeting is 
required to be called.  
5. The Board may convene an extraordinary general meeting within four weeks upon 
the notice given in the manner stated in subsection (1) of this Article.  
ARTICLE NINTEEN:  REGULAR GENERAL MEETINGS  
Annual general meetings will be held by the Network on at least an -annual basis. However 
the network might hold an EGM under special circumstances.   
ARTICLE TWENTY:  MOTIONS  
1. Except as otherwise provided notice of intention to table a motion at any of the 
meetings of the Association shall be given by a proposer for at least twenty -eight 
(28) days but the Network may accept a notice that is sent outside the time 
provided.  
2. All motions shall be in writing, signed by the proposer and seconded, and shall be 
lodged with the Board Secretary or his/her duly appointed representative.  
ARTICLE TWENTY ONE:  QUORUM  
1. At any meeting where decisions are to be made (except as specifically stated in this 
constitution) the quorum shall be one -third of fully paid up members.  
2. If no quorum is available at the expiration of two hours from the time appointed for 
the commencement of any annual general meetings, or the extraordinary meeting, 
the meeting shall be deemed to stand adjourned to the same day of the next week at 
the same venue and if on that day there is no quorum as aforesaid the meeting will 
be deemed adjourned.  
ARTICLE TWENTY TWO:  VOTING  
1. Voting in any meeting where decisions are to be made (except as specifically stated 
in this constitution) voting shall be by a show of hands except where an issue is 
deemed especially contentious by the Chairman.  For such an issue voting shall be 
carried out by secret ballot.  Every qualified full member shall be entitled to one vote 
in respect of every business item on the floor.  
2. Except as otherwise provided by this Constitution all issues to a meeting shall be 
decided by a simple majority of votes of members present and entitled to vote.  
3. Any member who is in arrears with its subscription with the network at the time of 
any meeting shall not be entitled to vote.  
4. In the event of equality of votes the Chairman shall cast a deciding vote.  
5. Only full, paid up members carry the privilege and responsibility of voting.  
ARTICLE TWENTY THREE:  ELECTIONS  
1. Election of Executive Board members shall take place at the annual general meeting 
except for the first election which shall be held as soon as possible after the 
ratification of this constitution.  
2. Elections for Executive Board members shall be conducted using secret ballots.  
3. Except as otherwise provided any person who desires to be elected to the Board 
shall be nominated by one full member and seconded by another full member of the 
Network each of whom is similarly eligible for election.  
4. The Chairman of the elections committee shall conduct the elections to decide who 
can fill the vacancies.  
5. Regional elections on the coming into force of this constitution shall be held two 
months prior to national elections.  
6. Any person appointed by the Board under Article 23 of this Constitution shall cease 
to hold office at the next annual general meeting but shall be eligible for re -election.  
7. Elections shall be organized in such a way that only a third of the positions on the 
board are electable at a single AGM to provide continuity.  
ARTICLE TWENTY FOUR:  FINANCE  
1. The Network will be financed by annual or other periodic subscriptions and 
fundraising as shall be determined from time to time by the Board.  
2. The Network shall establish and maintain bank accounts into which shall be paid all 
expenses and liabilities incurred by the Network and the Board.  
3. The signatories to the account shall consist of two members on the Board with two 
categories. Category A will be the Chairperson , Vice Chairperson and the Treasurer 
and Category B will be any two of the board members.   
4. The Board may invest the funds of the Network in any short/long term securities 
operated by the Government.  
5. The Board may from time to time borrow money for the purpose of conducting the 
business of the Network based on a majority vote of any meeting of the Network 
provided there is a quorum.   
6. The financial year of the Network shall run between 2nd April and 31st March each 
year.  
7. The annual accounts shall be audited by professionally qualified independent 
auditors appointed by the Network at each annual general meeting and/or in 
agreement with specific donor requirements and such auditors shall be eligible for 
re-appointment.  
8. The remuneration of the auditors shall be negotiated by the Board.  
ARTICLE TWENTY FIVE:  COMMON SEAL  
The network shall have a Common Seal which shall not be affixed to any instrument except 
by the authority of resolution of the Board and shall be so affixed in the presence of the 
Chairman or Vice Chairman, together with the Board Secretary or such other p erson as the 
Board shall nominate in its resolution and every document to which the seal is so affixed 
shall be signed by the said person.  
ARTICLE TWENTY SIX:  RULES  
The Board may make rules or regulations not inconsistent with this Constitution in respect 
of any matter not specifically provided for in the Constitution and for the purpose of 
carrying out the objectives of this Network and the administration and managem ent 
thereof.  
ARTICLE TWENTY SEVEN: AMENDMENTS  
1. Provisions shall be submitted to the members at an annual general meeting or an 
extraordinary general meeting called for the purpose.  
2. The terms of the amendment or repeal shall be circulated to members together with 
the notice convening the meeting.  
3. A two-thirds (2/3) majority vote of all members is required for the adoption of the 
proposed amendment or repeal.  
4. An extraordinary general meeting called for the purpose of amending or repealing a 
provision of this Constitution may be held on the same day at the same place as the 
annual general meeting.  
ARTICLE TWENTY EIGHT:  DISSOLUTION  
1. The Network may be wound up or dissolved in accordance with the provisions of the 
Business Names Act.  
2. Subject to paragraph (1) above, the following rules shall apply in the event of the 
dissolution of the Network.  
A. Only an extraordinary general meeting, especially convened for the purpose, 
shall have power to dissolve the network.  
b. For this purpose at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes of the total membership shall 
be in favor of dissolution.  
c. The extraordinary general meeting shall thereupon appoint three liquidators, fix their 
powers and remuneration and give directions for the disposal of funds and documents.  
3. Each member of the Network undertakes to contribute to the assets of the Network 
in the event of its being dissolved while it is a member of within one year after it 
ceases to be a member for the payment of the debts and liabilities of the Network 
and of the costs of dissolution such amount as may be determined by the Board.  
4. Upon winding up or dissolution of the Network there remains after the discharge of 
its debts and liabilities any property of the Network, the same shall not be 
distributed among the members but the same shall be transferred to some other 
Network having obj ectives similar to the objectives of the Network. Such other 
Network to be determined by the ordinary resolution of the members in general 
meeting prior to the dissolution of the Network.  
ARTICLE TWENTY NINE:  ARBITRATION  
Any differences on the interpretation of this Constitution or anything herein contained and 
of any rules or regulations made there -under shall be decided by an independent, mutually 
agreed upon, eminent person (i.e. one who is respected by all parties) who se ruling on any 
matter affecting the Network as a whole and not provided for by this Constitution or by the 
rules or regulation made there -under shall be final and binding on the members.  
 
 
 
ARTICLE THIRTY:  INTERPRETATION  
1. In this Constitution, unless the context otherwise requires “member” means 
Network organizations which are actively involved in providing PHD’S FN I service 
and activities to the community and has duly registered as a member of the Network 
with subscriptions and dues fully paid.  
2. In this Constitution, a Board member shall be the Chairman, Vice Chairman, 
Secretary, Treasurer, Projects Manager and other 4 
3.  members duly elected at the AGM or EGM or according to Article THIRTEEN above, 
and who shall at all times be active in the direct management of the Network.  
 
 
 
SIGNATURES  
Signed for and on Behalf of the Network Members:  
 NAME,  POSITION  SIGNATURE  
CHAIRMAN  
(ASAASIRA BLESSED MOSES ) 
………………………………………......................  
 Vice Chairman /Woman    (MARIA ANN IPAY ) 
…………………………………………………………..  
 Board Treasure  
(REACHAL  POLA) 
…………………………………………………………  
 Assistant Treasurer  
 (JOELLA JOLLY  PATIENCE ) 
……………….,………………………………………….  
Executive Secretary  
 (NANYANZI LETICIA HOPE ) 
……………………………………………………………  
PROJECTS MANAGER  
(MUGOMU RAYMOND ) 
……………………………………..........................  
Assistant Projects Manager  
(SAAZI RAMATHAN JEREMIAH)  
…………………………………………………………..  
 Board Member   
(SSALI STEVEN ) 
…………………………………………………………..  
 Board Member    
(SENUNGI MARK ) 
………………………….. ................................  
  Board Member    
(NAMATOVU RUTH KELLY. ) 
…................................... .............................  
Board Member    
(ABERE PATIENCE)  
……………………………... .................................  
Board Member  
(MISS: SHEILA) 
 ………………………………... ...............................  
Board Member  
(KAWEESA ARAFAT KIGOZI) 
……….........................................................  
 
DATE: ……………………………………………..  
 
WITNESSED BY:   
………………………………………………………….  
NAME:  
…………………………………………………………...  
 

